README.md, before:

# ReasearchSync

An AI app powered by MCP server using FastAPI, a Prefect workflow to fetch and store paper metadata, and deployed on AWS EC2 with Docker. The papers are stored in Notion Database and Redis for vectorised data.

Python version: 3.11

## System Overview

The system will:

- Monitor arXiv publications from ML/AI related tags (e.g., 'cs.AI').
- Fetch metadata (title, authors, abstract) and add to Notion Database using Prefect workflow.
- Store data in a Notion database.
- Convert the paper's abstract to vector embeddings for fast retrieval and store on Redis.
- Allow an AI assistant to query or manage the database via MCP.

## Prefect Workflow Snippet

![prefect-workflow.png](prefect-workflow.png)


## Communication Architecture
┌─────────────────────┐    HTTP Requests     ┌─────────────────────┐
│   Gradio App        │ ─────────────────── │   MCP Server        │
│   (port 7860)       │ ←─────────────────── │   (port 8000)       │
│                     │    JSON Responses    │                     │
│ ResearchPapersClient│                      │ ResearchPapersMCP   │
└─────────────────────┘                      └─────────────────────┘
         │                                              │
         │                                              │
    User Interface                              Backend Processing
    - Search forms                              - Redis Vector DB
    - Data tables                               - Notion API
    - Buttons/inputs                            - Embeddings

Commit message:

added MCP server code for claude and created backend and frontend folders

README.md, after:

# reasearchSync

researchSync offers two services:

1. **FastAPI-MCP Server**: Connects to MCP Hosts like Claude Desktop to retrieve papers' metadata from arXiv and store it in a Notion database. You can then query this database to find the best paper you need.
  
2. **Web App**: Powered by Gradio (with plans to migrate to React in the future) for the frontend and FastAPI for the backend. It uses a Notion and Redis database to store metadata of the papers from arXiv and vector embeddings for retrieving the best papers based on user queries.

## Python Version
- **Python**: 3.11

## System Overview

The system will:

- Monitor arXiv publications from ML/AI related tags (e.g., 'cs.AI').
- Fetch metadata (title, authors, abstract) and add to Notion Database using Prefect workflow.
- Store data in a Notion database.
- Convert the paper's abstract to vector embeddings for fast retrieval and store on Redis.
- Allow an AI assistant to query or manage the database via MCP.

## Prefect Workflow Snippet

![prefect-workflow.png](prefect-workflow.png)
